# Java_song_player
Command based application emphasizing object-oriented principles, file management, and Java Collections, allowing users to manipulate playlists, handle diverse song formats, and ensure smooth file operations through exception handling.

1.	**Library**: this class contains the bulk of the logic for the app. It maintains an array list of songs, an array list of audiobooks, an array list of podcasts and an array list of playlists. These lists are initially empty. Some methods have been written for you. Fill in the code for the other methods based on the comments. See the video to help you print output in the correct format.

2.	**MyAudioUI**: This class has the main() method and the user interface (UI). Some UI skeleton code has been provided for you with some comments. In a while loop, a scanner reads a line of input from the user. The input lines contain words (Strings) which represent actions (e.g. songs, store, download etc). Some actions require parameters to be input by the user. The parameters may be strings or an integer. The code should prompt the user by printing out what parameter should be entered. See the video and look at the example code provided for you for action PLAYSONG in MyAudio.java. Fill in the code based on the comments for all the other actions. NOTE: do not change the user interface!! The TAs are marking 450 assignments and may read actions from a file as input to your program. 

3.	**AudioContent**: class AudioContent is a general superclass containing several instance variables (see the skeleton code) that model audio content. This class can be extended to model more specific types of audio content (e.g. song, podcast, audiobook). It has instance variables: title (String), year (int), id (String), type (String), audioFile (String), length (int). For example a title might be “Yesterday”. The ID (a string) is generated by the system (e.g. “913”). This class has been done for you!!

4.	**AudioContentStore:** class AudioContentStore simulates an online store. The MyAudio app can download content (e.g. a song, an audiobook) from this store to your library. When the user types the action STORE then a method is called to list the store contents. The contents are numbered (1, 2, 3 etc). Each content has a type (Song, AudioBook, Podcast). The user can type the DOWNLOAD action and then specify the number of the content they want stored in their library. It contains some predefined songs and audiobooks (see the constructor method) which you will use to test your code. 
 
5.	**Song:** class Song is a subclass of Audio Content (i.e. a song is a type of audio content). In addition to the AudioContent information, a song has fields to store the artist name, the composer name, the genre and the lyrics. These fields have been created for you. See the skeleton code and write code for the methods (including the constructor method) by following the comments.

6.	**AudioBook:** This class is also a subclass of AudioContent that contains extra information. An AudioBook contains the book’s author and AudioBook’s narrator. It also contains two array lists of Strings: one that contains the chapter titles and one that contains the chapter contents. The class has a method to select a specific chapter to play. Fill in the methods by following the comments in the AudioBook.java file.

7.	**Playlist**: class Playlist stores a list of audio content (e.g. songs or audiobooks or podcasts or even a mixture of these). A Playlist is given a title (e.g. “Workout” “Dinner Music” “Dance Mix”). There are a series of user actions to make a playlist, add content to a playlist etc. All the content can be played (i.e. playAll()) or a specific audio content can be played (e.g. song 5)
